thousands of hungry Palestinians in Gaza
have been breaking into distribution
centers to get food and other basic
supplies the un's Palestinian refugee
agency says this is a worrying sign that
civil order is now breaking down aid
supplies to Gaza have been extremely
limited since Israel began bombarding
the territory three weeks ago only
several Aid trucks have been allowed in
a day during the past week compared to
hundreds before the war
started we need fresh water we need food
we're starving this is totally unfair
our children can't sleep from hunger and
thirst we need to provide food and water
for
them we have no flour no Aid no water
not even toilets our houses were
destroyed no one cares about us we
appeal to the people of the world all
International powers are against us we
needed Aid and we wouldn't have done
this if we weren't in
need well aler Han mmore joins me now
from kanun inside the Gaza Strip honey
the Looting of these warehouses just
shows how desperate people are how
widespread is the
Looting yes well as a civil order is uh
beginning to collapse across the Gaza
Strip and and because people don't have
any official body just to refer to uh in
terms of getting their uh basic supplies
and and basic necessities of day-to-day
life uh thousand of people uh just
yesterday broke into United Nations uh
Warehouse in Gaza City and in Dar valah
city as well uh people uh basically uh
took uh wheat flour basic items uh uh
hygiene uh materials and and other basic
necessities needed for their day-to-day
life people un unfortunately uh as a
result of the ongoing bombardment and
and intensive air strikes are going
hungry and and I'm quing here at United
Nations official who said for the first
time in Gaza Strip people are going
hungry and this is an indication for for
a catastrophe uh in the in the coming
days as people find it difficult uh to
get their basic supplies from from
markets from shops and uh the lines in
front of bakeries to get pack of bread
the the que and line to get gallon of
water so the whole situations in in
Collective is HED toward a a a a very
very
uh terrible humanitarian crisis uh and
food crisis particularly in the coming
days honey you said there that many
people don't even know who to speak to
to try to work out where to get relief
suppliers from I mean that must have
been made so much more difficult with a
Communications blackout I know it must
be a relief for for so many that that
Communications have been partially
restored do we know how they were
restored are they expected to stay that
[Music]
way well keeping Gaza Off the Grid in
the past 48 Hours was uh just sent waves
of concerns and fears among power
Palestinians who did not know was what
was going to happen but we we know that
feeling that something atrocious was
going was happening in the Northern and
the the northern part of gazp and Gaza
City but again when it comes to daytoday
needs basic needs without communication
people could not uh locate where is uh
an where is an open an open Bakery in
for example the city of kanun that we
can get bread from or where we can get
water that that absence of communication
for the past 48 Hours it created a sense
of that people are left alone and nobody
cared about them about their needs about
their concern on top of that uh the uh
when communication network was disabled
people could not get hold of their uh
relatives and loved ones in the northern
part of Gaza and Gaza and Gaza City as
well now speaking of how it was sword we
know that the the the the cables and the
cell towers were completely destroyed
and the infrastructure was completely
destroyed so what the uh palel the
telecommunication grouping G official uh
official company uh it says that they
worked on Alternatives a pretty much a
basic alternative just to get people
online again and get people in touch as
of as of this time the signal is still
weak it keeps the connecting I won't say
it's it's reliable we'll see what's
going to happen in the next coming hours
we'll continue monitoring very closely
indeed Al's honey mood there speaking to
us from kanun inside the Gaza Strip
thank you so much honey